Run polling command fix (#11219)
demisto/content: Packs/CommonScripts/ReleaseNotes/1_3_17.md

#### Scripts
##### RunPollingCommand

> - Fixed script inputs parsing. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the script was not accepting integer inputs.
```

Author: It is not only this actually, also added encoding for the additional args inputs such that non-English chars could be accepted in the additional args.

> - Fixed an issue where the script was failing on integers or non-english chars.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the script was failing when given integers or non-English characters as an argument.
```
